DDSaaS: Docusign: Crawler Integration v1.0.0 (#18395)
DataDog/integrations-core: docusign/README.md

12. Scroll to the Service Integration section, click on **Generate RSA**.
13. Copy only the **RSA Private Key** to a safe location (it won't be displayed again).
14. In the Additional settings section, under Redirect URIs, click "Add URI".
15. Add the URI: `http://localhost/` and Click **Save**.

For Production:

1. Ensure you have completed the [go-live][5] steps.
2. For the production account setup, the Account Type will be `Production`.
3. Navigate to the [Admin Console][6].
4. Click on **Account Profile** under the **Account** section.
5. Copy the Docusign account name from **Account Name** section.
6. Click on **Apps and Keys** under the **Integrations** section.
7. Select the app that has been duplicated from your developer account.
8. Copy the generated **Integration Key**, under the General Info section.
9. Scroll to the Service Integration section, click on **Generate RSA**.
10. Copy only the **RSA Private Key** to a safe location (it won't be displayed again).
11. In the Additional settings section, under Redirect URIs, click "Add URI".
12. Add the URI: `http://localhost/` and Click **Save**.

#### Steps to Obtain JWT Consent

> 1. Construct Consent URI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Construct your consent URI:
```

>    - **Syntax:**`<BASE_URI>/oauth/auth?response_type=code&scope=signature impersonation organization_read&client_id=<YOUR_INTEGRATION_KEY>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>`
>    - **Replace Placeholders:**
>      - `<BASE_URI>`:
>        1. Replace with `https://account-d.docusign.com` for Developer Account
>        2. Replace with `https://account.docusign.com` for Production Account
>      - `<YOUR_INTEGRATION_KEY>`: Replace with your Integration Key (Client ID) obtained previously.
>      - `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>`: Replace with your redirect URI, e.g., `http://localhost/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Syntax:**`<BASE_URI>/oauth/auth?response_type=code&scope=signature impersonation organization_read&client_id=<YOUR_INTEGRATION_KEY>&redirect_uri=<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>`
     - Replace `<BASE_URI>`with:
       1. `https://account-d.docusign.com` for a developer account.
       2. `https://account.docusign.com` for production account.
     - Replace `<YOUR_INTEGRATION_KEY>` with your Integration Key (Client ID).
     - Replace `<YOUR_REDIRECT_URI>` with your redirect URI, such as `http://localhost/`.
```

2. Open the constructed URI in an embedded browser.
3. The user will be prompted to log in to their Docusign account (if not already logged in) and grant consent for your application to impersonate them with the specified scopes.
4. After consent is granted, Docusign will redirect the user's browser to your specified redirect URI with extra information in the URL, indicating successful consent without needing to use the extra parameters directly.

> - **Note:** For a localhost URI, the redirect will occur on the same page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Note:**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For a localhost URI, the redirect will occur on the same page.
```

> - The impersonated user must be a Docusign administrator or have the Security Reports Administrator permissions profile. For information about permission profiles, see the section [Docusign Administrator Permission Profiles][7] in the Organization Administrators topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The impersonated user must be a Docusign administrator or have the Security Reports Administrator permissions profile. For information about permission profiles, see [Docusign Administrator Permission Profiles][7] in the Organization Administrators topic.
```

> - To ingest data from a production account, complete the Docusign go-live process. After the go-live process, follow the above [steps][2] to generate new configuration information for your production account.(Reference: [Docusign Go-Live][5])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To ingest data from a production account, complete the [Docusign go-live process][5]. After the go-live process, follow the [account setup steps](#set-up-your-account) to generate configuration information for your production account.
```

### Docusign Datadog Integration Configuration

1. Navigate to `Docusign`
2. Add you Docusign credentials

| Docusign Parameters   | Type        | Description |
| --------------------- | ----------- |------------ |

> | Account Type          | DropDown    | Dropdown to select between different types of Docusign accounts (i.e, Developer & Production) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Account Type          | DropDown    | Dropdown to select between different types of Docusign accounts (for example, developer or production) |
```

| Docusign Account Name | String      | The name associated with the Docusign account (case sensitive) |
| User Id               | String      | A GUID value that uniquely identifies a Docusign user |

> | Integration Key       | String      | A unique GUID that identifies a DocuSign integration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Integration Key       | String      | A unique GUID that identifies a Docusign integration |
```

| RSA Private Key       | String      | A cryptographic key for signing JWT tokens for secure API authentication |

## Data Collected

### Logs 

The Docusign integration collects logs and forwards to Datadog.

### Metrics

The Docusign integration does not include any metrics.

### Events

The Docusign integration does not include any events.

## Support

For further assistance, contact [Datadog Support][8].

[1]: https://www.docusign.com/

> [2]: #steps-to-get-account-type-docusign-account-name-user-id-integration-key--rsa-private-key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
